of a character whose appearance is unique and
his position in the history of this great
game is important these characters more
which is worthy to be in this series in
this series so here I present the
20 strange curiosities of man
purple the first time we saw the
purple man was undoubtedly a fainé sad
Fredys 2 on a night in which a
hidden mini game of many in the
second game that everyone to see us
we asked who was the purple man
was confused with the name of
phone since he walks in the hand something
that at first it was said to be a
phone and that's why that rumor was created
besides being confused with the name
of the phone in the community it was said that
this could be the endoskeleton for the
color of the purple man's eyes that
are white and remember that the eyes of
the animatronics in the dark are
white and also in your hand to
and make a robot not a human with
the mini game of the second game we can
conclude that the purple man is the
murderer at the beginning it was thought that the
purple man had put the souls of
children in animatronics but not
it was like that since in one of the mini game
we can see that it was paper in which
we appreciate how he with us we have
to face dead children
the identity of the purple man is
unrecognizable we only assume that in the
history is the killer
we all think that no spring
trap there was a human before the premiere
of pain space 3 since it had artery a
heart among other organs but in the
last mini that jms we can conclude that
that human inside the new animatronic
is the purple man there are certain things
about the purple color they conclude
some things with the function of this
character in the game one of them is
which is a color of transformation
it became a spring trap another is that
it's a mystery color and of course the
purple man is certainly not one
of the most mysterious characters there is a
very strange mystery that does not have
coherence which is because man
purple is afraid of the souls of the
Some children say that they wanted
revenge and went to see him because
dying inside the suit his revenge will
had fulfilled for them the name
purple was responsible for dismantling
all the animatronics and of course what
we can see at all levels the
end of each night but the reason for the
why do not we know that's the mysterious thing
in a scott update we can
get a new sprint sound that
is the purple man and this sound is very
disturbing
it is a sound similar to the word
health or help in Spanish
a theory that they have done in the community
around this great game is that the
purple man before dying uses the
purple freddy costume that appears on
the mini games to attract the
animatronics and then dismantle it and what
they already say that in one of the recordings
who have speak about suits that
they stopped using before there are sometimes
that the purple man comes out in different
places of the mini game to dismantle
the animatronic finally looks 6-2
clearly that the purple man has in
the breast a figure but in that
praise 3 loses what it is and what
it means it's a mystery on the web there
an audio file that is supposed to be
the sound when the purple man is
in the spring trap drae dying
let's listen
pass
or
do not
they
some took care of the pink character
that in the community is said to be the
accomplice of the purple man fleeing a
car after killing a child there
something in Finnish apprentice that does not conclude
with something which is one of the pages
from the wall says that he was arrested or
they caught the head of the
murders that is to say that the
murderer who is the purple man but is
a lie as he appears in the
third game and the reason why
they did that lie is to take care of
reputation of the restaurant and not alarm
to the people who go to the restaurant
during the day there are videos in
internet that show a character
purple sitting in an office but all
this is a fan may and it is totally false
the killer is blamed ie the
purple man to alter the
animatronics so they got an error that
they make them more aggressive in the
playability and finally there is fun may
of younger about the purple man but
this I will teach you
is the best so be attentive
plus
We give the jce the video
liked to share it with everyone
follow me on my social networks and
subscribe to this channel for more terror
we should expect you to have
fight dreams
i